
https://github.com/GENESESHB/alx-system_engineering-devops/blob/master/0x09-web_infrastructure_design/README.md

       0️⃣ Now there are two servers. Each server has it's own web server,
        application server, codebase, and Database. It will be helpful incase
        there is alot of traffic, failure in the other server.
        It also has a HA proxy loadbalancer. This will distribute traffic
        among the two servers.
       1️⃣ It can be either, Weighted round robin, where each server is weighed
        and the server that weighs more gets frequent requests or Weighted least
        connection, where each server is weighed and request is sent to the one
        with least conections.
       2️⃣ It uses Active-Active, if at anytime a server fails, request isn't
        sent to it until it passes health check, which the pther one carries on
        the function. It can also use Active-passive, if at anytime the active
        server fails, in a heart beat the passive will take over till the
        other one recovers.
        💨. Primary replica is a primary source server(node), that is allowed to
        host read/write availability database. Secondary replica is the
        server which maintains the full backup copy of primary server, it hosts
        read-only availability database. When they are in a
        synchronized or Asynchronized mode, during a failover the secondary
        replica assumes the primary role with or without guarantee of data
        protection then when the primary replica is available it then takes on
        the role of secondary replica.
Issues with the infrastructure:
        🅰 SPOF still resides with having one client, over the network.
         Another issue will be if these two servers reside in the same
         datacenter, and in that data center they share the same power source.
        🅱There are still security issues. It is using HTTP which is not
         secure as data is being transfered without being encrpted. It lacks
         firewall meaning any incoming traffic has access to the data.
        🆎 There is no monitoring being done, we don't know whether our web
         is online, working fast, returning error everytime or monitoring
         requests.
